README.md, before:

# workflow

Documentation on maintaining a reproducible workflow. For my future self and whoever is interested.

Folders

- `git/`: setting up and working with git/GitHub/GitLab in RStudio
- `RProjects/`: working with RProjects (coming soon)
- `Zotero/`: Zotero and the rbbt addin (coming soon)
- `docker/`: docker containers for reproducibility (coming soon-ish)

Within each folder the following files are included:

- `filename.qmd` (source Quarto document)
- `sheet-filename.html` (html output)
- `slides-filename.html` (revealjs slides output)
- `pdf-filename.pdf` (pdf output)

N.B., to view the `html` files in your browser (without downloading them), prepend the URL with `https://htmlpreview.github.io/?`. E.g., `https://github.com/daniela-palleschi/workflow/blob/main/git/sheet-git_set-up.html` is just html code, but `https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/daniela-palleschi/workflow/blob/main/git/sheet-git_set-up.html` is a rendered html sheet. Source: [Stackoverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/8446218/how-to-see-an-html-page-on-github-as-a-normal-rendered-html-page-to-see-preview).

Commit message:

add renv.lock, packages/ folder

README.md, after:

# workflow

Documentation on maintaining a reproducible workflow. For my future self and whoever is interested.

Folders

- `updating/`: script for updating R, (re-)installing packages and addins, etc.
- `troubleshooting/`: documenting major errors I encounter and their solutions
- `git/`: setting up and working with git/GitHub/GitLab in RStudio
- `RProjects/`: working with RProjects (coming soon)
- `Zotero/`: Zotero and the rbbt addin (coming soon)
- `docker/`: docker containers for reproducibility (coming soon-ish)

Within each folder the following files are (usually) included:

- `filename.qmd` (source Quarto document)
- `sheet-filename.html` (html output)
- `slides-filename.html` (revealjs slides output)
- `pdf-filename.pdf` (pdf output)

N.B., to view the `html` files in your browser (without downloading them), prepend the URL with `https://htmlpreview.github.io/?`. E.g., `https://github.com/daniela-palleschi/workflow/blob/main/git/sheet-git_set-up.html` is just html code, but `https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/daniela-palleschi/workflow/blob/main/git/sheet-git_set-up.html` is a rendered html sheet. Source: [Stackoverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/8446218/how-to-see-an-html-page-on-github-as-a-normal-rendered-html-page-to-see-preview).
